Router/Studio data privacy/compliance (#98)
apollographql/docs: src/content/studio/data-privacy.md

| **Latest URLs**                                       |
| `https://usage-reporting.api.apollographql.com`       | Metrics reporting from [Apollo Server](./metrics/usage-reporting/#pushing-metrics-from-apollo-server) (v2.18.0+), Apollo Router (v0.1.0+), and [third-party API servers](./metrics/usage-reporting/#third-party-support)                   |
| `https://schema-reporting.api.apollographql.com`      | Schema registration via schema reporting in [Apollo Server](./schema/schema-reporting/#apollo-server-setup) (v2.18.0+) and [third-party API servers](./schema/schema-reporting/#other-graphql-servers)           |
| `https://graphql.api.apollographql.com`               | All [Apollo CLI](/devtools/cli/) (v2.31+) commands and [Rover CLI](/rover/) commands that communicate with Studio (and the Studio web UI)                                                                        |
| `https://storage-secrets.api.apollographql.com`       | Apollo Server with Apollo Gateway (v0.16.0-v0.33.0) with [managed federation](/federation/managed-federation/overview/)                |

> | `https://uplink.api.apollographql.com`                | Apollo Server with Apollo Gateway (v0.34.0+) with [managed federation](/federation/managed-federation/overview/), Apollo Router (v0.1.0+) with [managed federation](/federation/managed-federation/overview/)                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `https://uplink.api.apollographql.com`                | Apollo Server with Apollo Gateway (v0.34.0+) with [managed federation](/federation/managed-federation/overview/) and Apollo Router (v0.1.0+) with [managed federation](/federation/managed-federation/overview/)                                                                                                 |
```

> | `https://aws.uplink.api.apollographql.com`            | Apollo Server with Apollo Gateway (v0.45.0+) with [managed federation](/federation/managed-federation/overview/), Apollo Router (v0.1.0+) with [managed federation](/federation/managed-federation/overview/)                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `https://aws.uplink.api.apollographql.com`            | Apollo Server with Apollo Gateway (v0.45.0+) with [managed federation](/federation/managed-federation/overview/) and Apollo Router (v0.1.0+) with [managed federation](/federation/managed-federation/overview/)                                                                                                 |
```

If your environment uses a corporate proxy or firewall, you might need to configure it to allow outbound traffic to these domains. Note that data might be sent to multiple endpoints in a given domain.

> ## What data does Apollo Server and Apollo Router send to Apollo Studio?

Reviewer 2: Now there is more than one service, should probably be "do" in place of "does".

```suggestion
## What data do Apollo Server and Apollo Router send to Apollo Studio?
```

> ## What data does Apollo Server and Apollo Router send to Apollo Studio?

Reviewer 3: We have a broken link checker that runs whenever the main docsite is rebuilt, so if this change does break any existing links within the docs, we can catch and correct them quickly. After a quick git grep, it at least looks like nothing in the Studio or root docs link to this particular header.

You can configure Apollo Server to trace the execution of each GraphQL operation and [push those metrics to Apollo Studio](./metrics/usage-reporting/). Studio uses this trace data to reconstruct both operation-level timing data for given query shapes and field-level timing data for your overall schema. This data is available for you to explore and visualize in Studio.

> Apollo Router does not send trace data to Apollo Studio, though it does send other per-operation data, as defined in the section below. 

Reviewer 4: Maybe just say that we do send traces. We'll likely add this soon, and people won't check back at this page after upgrading.

Author: Perhaps we should just put this page in the CHANGELOG of the Router when such changes are made (and make changes to this page accordingly.)

You can also configure Apollo Server to [report its schema to the Apollo registry](./schema/schema-reporting).

> _All_ data sent from Apollo Server and Apollo Router to Studio is transmitted using HTTPS on port 443, and HTTP traffic on port 80 is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_All_ data sent to Studio from Apollo Server and Apollo Router is transmitted using HTTPS on port 443, and HTTP traffic on port 80 is disabled.
```

Suggesting a small tweak for clarity. :)

### Per-operation data

> **Neither Apollo Server nor Apollo Router ever send the `data` field of an operation response to Apollo Studio.** It _does_ send:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Neither Apollo Server nor Apollo Router ever send the `data` field of an operation response to Apollo Studio.** They _do_ send:
```

- Several fields _besides_ `data` from every operation response

- The [query operation string](#query-operation-strings) for every executed operation

> - In the case of Apollo Server, the time it takes each resolver to execute for every operation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The time it takes each resolver to execute for every operation (Apollo Server only)
```

#### `response.data`

As mentioned, Apollo Server **never** sends the contents of this field to Graph

> Manager. The responses from your GraphQL service stay internal to your application.

Reviewer 3: Tricky little sneak!

#### `response.errors`

By default, if Apollo Server sees a response that includes an `errors` field, it reports the values of the error's `message` and `locations` fields (if any) to Apollo Studio.

> 

Reviewer 2: I've lost track a bit here, but I think we have different behaviour regarding error reporting from subgraphs. I'm not 100% sure about this. Anyway, if I'm correct, then maybe we need some additional test like:

By default, if Apollo Router sees a subgraph response that includes an `errors` field, it does not propagate  the values of the subgraph error's `message` and `locations` fields to the router response. The behaviour of errors arising within in the router is identical to Apollo Server.

Author: I wasn't sure if we had this behavior at all for the Router, so I'd left this as Apollo Server.  @BrynCooke Do we have this for the Router?
